- `Max Level` max level that character can learn this skill
- `Move Speed Rate While Using Skill` this value will multiplies with character move speed stats while character is using this skill, set this to 0 if you want to make character don't move while using this skill. This will be in-use with active skills and craft s only.
- `Skill Cast Effects` collection of effects while casting skill (before activate).
- `Cast Duration` casting skill duration (before activate). This will be in-use with active skills and craft skills.
- `Can Be Interrupted While Casting` if this is `TRUE` character will not able to move while casting this skill. This will be in-use with active skills and craft skills.
- `Available Weapons` if character equipped weapons that set in this list, character will be able to use this skill. Set this list to be empty, to make character able to use this skill while equip or not equip any weapons. This will be in-use with active skills and craft skills.
- `Consume Mp` amount of Mp which required to use this skill. its `Base Amount` is amount of required Mp when skill level is 1. Its `Amount Increase Each Level` is increasing amount of required Mp when skill level > 0. This will be in-use with active skills and craft skills.
- `Cooldown Duration` cooldown before allow to use skill next time. its `Base Amount` is duration when skill level is 1. Its `Amount Increase Each Level` is increasing duration when skill level > 0. This will be in-use with active skills and craft skills.
- `Requirement` is requirement for level up this skill. if character hasn't pass this requirement. it will not able to level up this skill.